baby Lily trotters jacanas are also left
in the charge of their father unusually
for a bird the female depends the
territory and mates with three or four
males who build the nests and look after
the brood
a strange female is trespassing on this
breeding territory
there are eggs here so the mail should
be nearby he returns to protect them but
he seems to be alone
the intruder lurks in the weeds watching
him with interest
finding a male alone probably means that
his mate has been killed and her
territory and all her males could be up
for grabs
he displays aggressively towards her
trying to drive her away
a female Jacana czar bigger than the
males and she is not to be deterred he
is of no use to her while he broods
another female baits she starts to smash
them is unable to prevent
they were on the verge of hatching
having destroyed his brood she now
offers herself to him
and the bereaved male makes with the
murderer of his chicks again and again
she displays and induces him to mate
with her so she succeeds in getting rid
of all the chicks that should not carry
her genes and replaces them with those